feat(mnq): update api/cli doc and ref content for ga (#2243)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/reference-content/sqs-overview.mdx

---

## What is SQS?

SQS is a managed messaging service developed by AWS and supported by Scaleway Messaging and Queuing. It is often coupled to work with [SNS](/serverless/messaging/reference-content/sns-overview/).

SQS (Simple Queue Service) became generally available in 2006. It is a highly scalable [queuing](/serverless/messaging/concepts#queuing) service that facilitates the decoupling of software systems. Scaleway Messaging and Queuing provides a gateway that enables you to connect your existing applications without having to significantly modify your code baseline.

<Message type="note">
  Some SQS features are not yet supported. Refer to our [dedicated documentation page](/serverless/messaging/reference-content/sqs-support/) for more information.
</Message>

## Activating SQS

Before you can start using SQS with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing, you must first activate it. You can do this in a few clicks from the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) by [following our how-to](/serverless/messaging/how-to/get-started/). Alternatively, you can also use the [Scaleway API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/messaging-and-queuing/).

## SQS Credentials

> Once you've activated SQS, the next step is to [create credentials](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-credentials) that give your applications permission to connect to the Scaleway Messaging and Queuing service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have activated SQS, the next step is to [create credentials](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-credentials) that give your applications permission to connect to the Scaleway Messaging and Queuing service.
```
